Interacting with a DNS Server
Each domain can use
different types of DNS records
and due to the wealth of information
contained within DNS,
it’s often a lucrative target
for active information gathering.
To demonstrate this,
we’ll use the host command
to find the IP address of
www.megacorpone.com
By default, the host command
looks for an A host record,
but what if we wanted to find the MX or
perhaps some interesting TXT records?
To do this, we can use the -t option
to specify the type of
record we are looking for.
For example,
to find the servers that handle
email for the domain,
we search for the mx records.
DNS text records can contain
any type of arbitrary data
and are often worth investigating.